fix: receive redemptions despite pubsub shutdown (#5947)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

- Bugfix: Fixed suspicious user treatment update messages not being searchable. (#5865)
- Bugfix: Ensure miniaudio backend exits even if it doesn't exit cleanly. (#5896)
- Bugfix: Fixed channel point redemptions with messages not showing up if PubSub is disconnected. (#5948)

> - Bugfix: Fixed channel points redemptions without text input not appearing due to PubSub shutdown. (#5947)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dev: Subscriptions to PubSub channel points redemption topics now use no auth token, making it continue to work during PubSub shutdown. (#5947)
```
